welcome to Australia's crown Melbourne
where the world's top poker players have
gathered to play in the southern
hemispheres premier poker tournament
this is the Aussie million last time on
the Aussie Millions cash game
invitational a familiar face made his
presence known at the table now let's
start playing some as oh but it was
Patrick Antonius who once again owned
the action you can always refine and the
defending Aussie Millions champ
continued to struggle I almost had that
beat tonight a couple new players join
the game one an up-and-coming superstar
ready for the bright lights if I was
nervous and intimidated playing that
would probably be because I think better
than man and a familiar face who
promises to bring fireworks again that's
it you're my hero
barbecued everybody do what I want to
watch on TV I like to watch Mike the man
for to say I would like to watch people
Hellmuth give me the Calif okay we go
they can play rather than a statue
tonight superstars Youngblood and local
flavor play with a fortune in cash at
stake this is the Aussie Millions cash
game Invitational and we welcome you to
Australia's crown Melbourne the hole in
2008 Aussie Millions tonight's action
just about to get underway
I'm Barry Tompkins alongside the
professor of poker Howard Lederer an
hour let's meet the players one c1 we
have one of the world's best young
players Patrick Antonius and he's our
big winner so far in this year's cash
game and next to Patrick and seat number
two what a pokers hottest young internet
players 21-year old Tom Dwan
he goes with a screen name Durer and a
c3 Misaki Kagawa he's down already over
a hundred thousand Tony G the
Australians in seed for 2005 euro poker
champ and Billy the croc are gross in c5
he lives here in Melbourne Australia
it's gonna be bringing all that local
flavor to the game next to him Gus
Hansen our returning champion from last
year's Aussie Millions main event and
Brandon Adams actually teaches a course
in game theory at Harvard
and insi date le elezra the
multi-million dollar Vegas businessman
plays in a lot of the world's highest
stakes games and here are the rules for
tonight's game No Limit Texas Hold'em as
the game players can buy in for any
amount and they can come and go as they
please every chip represents an actual
Australian dollar amount currently worth
about ninety cents to the US dollar
taking a look at our standings to start
out Patrick Antonius beginning with a
sizeable stack and almost a quarter
million Tony G is in the black Hansen
takigawa and a lesra in the red three
players joining the action with fresh
stacks with that the action begins the
blinds 600 and 1200 with a $2 ante and
those blinds are up from last week's 400
and 800 action folding around to Gus
Hansen with an ace Jack and he's gonna
raise it up to 4800 Brandon Adams
picking up a pair of tens he's probably
gonna at least call yes that he does
call and now Elliott lesra looking at a
little pair himself and he too will
called antonius squeezing out a king 9
suited Howard is this the kind of hand
that you'd be inclined to play in to a
raise he's got a rather impressive pile
of chips certainly not gonna throw away
a hand like King 9 suited he makes the
call Tom Dwan folds and Kagawa looking
at a little pair and he will call so 5
handed all ready let's see if Tony Jeezy
up he's got ace Queen he's gonna at
least call I'm thinking about he could
be thinking about a raise here to thin
out the field honey if you're folding
when we play your cards count falls Tony
G says I can't fold and sure enough he
makes the ball go six handed to the flop
I was gonna push as well it's gonna fall
to me push it's gonna work
so here is the flop jack eight for a
couple of diamonds on the flop well for
a six handed flop not much improvement
only Hanson improves his hand he makes
top pair with top kicker but there are
no big draws out there against them it's
been checked around and Gus checks also
he's gonna wait and see what develops
behind him putty
Brandon checks checked around the
Patrick who also checks as a check flop
and a seven of clubs on the turn well
Hanson still with the best hand top here
with an ace Adams with a gut shot
straight draw now a lizard with the gut
shot as well but Antonius with a gut
shot and a flush draw and see what
Hanson does so I checked around - Hanson
well we'd expect them to fire here
gotta put a little pressure on his
potential draws to and he bets 22,000 so
Brandon Adams with a pair of tens and a
gut shot straight draw we'll think about
this and he folds good lay down by
Brandon elezra likewise folds antonius
big draw here could raise on the
semi-bluff now it looks like you're just
gonna call Kagawa we'll get out of the
way up us now Tony G and he also folds
its pot suddenly 74 thousand and a club
on the river so antonius completes his
flush while Patrick continues his good
run here he's gonna win another nice pot
and a check from Gus Hansen to Antonius
was just trying to figure out how much
can he bet to get paid off here on he's
reaching while he's reaching for enough
chips to put Gus all-in
Gus is sitting there with about 43,000
in front of them it's a tough spot
definitely felt like he had the best
hand on the turn did Patrick haul the
flush draw
or is he trying to bluff him here all
right there's your answer
and antonius shows the flush and he will
win and win big Gus Hansen needless to
say not happy with himself for making
that play and meanwhile the rich get
richer donkey yeah no don't get your the
chatter I'm a doc so as Gus is forced to
rebuy we'll see if the Great Dane can
come back when we come back